Fitz explains to the team that the only way to save their timeline was for them to survive in this one and bring back the key to stopping the Chronicoms - Kora. With Kora still with Malick, however, they'll need to find another way. Fitz tells them that the device is a "Quantum Bridge" that allows them to travel between their timeline and this one and insists on getting it onZephyr One. However, Coulson and Mack argue against abandoning this alternate timeline to a Chronicom invasion and refuse to just write it off like an abstract or virtual world like the Framework. Observing that the device reduces things to the subatomic level, Deke has an idea to send the Chronicom warships to the other timeline with them, and volunteers to stay behind and build the device that can drain enough power from New York City to send them all back to their timeline. Once theZephyrand the Chronicom ships enter the Quantum Realm, Deke assumes command over this timeline's remnants of S.H.I.E.L.D.

On their way back to their timeline, Fitz tries to make Simmons remember what happened to them. Enoch rescued FitzSimmons from the Chronicom Hunters attacking the Lighthouse using a copy of the time stream that he stole. Through use of a conveyance disk, they transport onto the Quinjet carrying Piper and Flint and tell them to return to Izel's temple, where they had Flint construct a piece of the time monolith that they would later use to build the time drive. FitzSimmons and Enoch escaped to the system surrounding the star Alya to give them enough time to study the time stream and prepare stop the Chronicoms. Years later, they jumped back to the exact moment they left for the other star system. They tasked Flint and Piper with guarding Fitz while he waited inside theZephyr's pod, establishing a link between timelines, while Simmons traveled to the alternate timeline with the rest of the team. Fitz had to stay behind because his damaged brain would not be able to handle the implant. Simmons starts to remember her history with Fitz, but is still forgetting crucial details. Meanwhile, Malick, upset at losing his chance to "save" the world, has Kora's power transferred to him.

Upon arriving back in the prime timeline shortlybeforethey left for the past,  FitzSimmons, Yo-Yo and Sousa take the Quinjet down to the surface while theZephyrremains cloaked. Disguising themselves with hazmat suits, they aid the team's past selves in jumping back in time to complete the loop, keeping their identities a secret from themselves the whole time. Meanwhile, Sibyl's fleet scans forZephyr Oneand assumes the past version on the surface is their target, firing a pair of missiles that destroy Izel's temple at the very moment the pastZephyrjumps back in time; at the same time, past Fitz shrinks down into the Quantum Realm. While that ground team goes to retake the Lighthouse from the Chronicom Hunters, the rest of the team boards the Chronicom ship. Once inside the facility, Simmons' memories suddenly come back to her. On the Chronicom ship, Daisy takes on a team of Hunters at the ship's power supply before facing off with Malick.  Mack rescues Kora, while Coulson is captured by Sibyl. Once he lets slip FitzSimmons' location, she gives an order for all remaining Chronicom forces to attack the Lighthouse, May comes down through the ceiling and destroys her. Using the device Sibyl used to give her orders and Kora's powers to boost the signal, May sends a message down to the Lighthouse that imbues the Chronicoms with empathy. The Chronicom Hunters lay down their weapons and declare their friendship with S.H.I.E.L.D. "as they have always been."

Coulson, Mack, May and Kora escape the Chronicom ship, leaving Daisy behind to deal with Malick. Just as it seems Malick is going to finish her off, Daisy seems to sacrifice herself by igniting the ship's fuel supply, killing Malick and destroying the Chronicom fleet. The team finds Daisy's body floating in space, and Kora is somehow able to use her powers to bring her back to life. On the ground, FitzSimmons return to Izel's temple where Flint and Piper are still guarding the pod. They are bewildered to see Fitz is somehow outside, but still inside the pod is FitzSimmons' daughter Alya, who was born while they were orbiting the star of the same name.