Sarge questions May about Coulson while Snowflake goes after another target. Sarge has a hard time believing that after all the worlds he's been to he would only now arrive on one where someone looks exactly like him. Once Snow has captured one of her targets, Sarge takes May to him and tells her to kill him with one of his special knives as if it were an initiation ritual. When she hesitates to kill him, Sarge coldly shoots the man in the head, and leaves May alone in the room with the knife and the dead body. The man seemingly comes back to life while May tries to get out of her handcuffs. May fights the corpse, but once crystalline structures start to come out of its body (like what happened to Keller), May grabs Sarge's knife and stabs it in the chest.

Sarge takes May back to his truck and explains the man was possessed by one of the Shrike, a parasite that comes to new worlds, take a host, and savagely look for a new one if that host is destroyed. Sarge and his team follow the Shrike to the worlds they invade, and track down and kill everything that doesn't belong there (which is why they went after the un-possessed Deke). These creatures are heralds of "Pachakutiq," which Sarge describes as "the death of everything." After decades of chasing Pachakutiq, Sarge - who claims to be 100 years old - thinks he could finally put an end to this by killing the Shrikes' monstrous creator. Later, while Sarge drives his truck towards another target, May blindsides Snowflake to get free and then overpowers Sarge to hijack the truck.

At the Lighthouse, the S.H.I.E.L.D. team struggles to cope with and even comprehend Keller's death. The bizarre structure of the crystals, the parasite that created them, and the knife that stopped their growth have Dr. Benson stumped. Benson tells the still-grieving Yo-Yo about how he made the decision to take off his husband's life support after he was in a terrible car accident, the most difficult decision he ever made but knows it was the right one. Yo-Yo recognizes Dr. Benson's description of the crystals are similar to the three monoliths - the one that opened a portal to another world, the one that sent the team to the future, and the other one that they never found out what it does before they were all destroyed. Benson thinks that if those monoliths controlled space and time, then these crystals and the dagger have powers over life and death.

In space, theZephyris captured by a fleet of Confederacy ships. As the agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. prepare to be boarded, Enoch recognizes something is wrong when the fleet didn't immediately destroy them. Instead of the Confederacy, a powerful Chronicom named Atarah boards the ship and takes them all as her prisoners. Atarah says the Chronicom homeworld was destroyed, and the fleet - which they took from the Confederacy - is all that's left of their people. The Chronicoms want to travel back in time to prevent the destruction of Chronica II, and Atarah demands Daisy and Simmons reveal how they mastered time travel. They try to explain the monolith that allowed them to travel through time is destroyed and they did not know how it worked, but Atarah doesn't believe them. She threatens them with a hologram of Fitz and Malachi, ready to kill him on her orders. Enoch convinces Atarah that Fitz could develop a method of time travel for the Chronicoms, and to keep Simmons her prisoner as collateral while letting the others go. Since the Chronicoms now need Fitz alive to develop time travel, Daisy takes an opportunity to attack Atarah and the Chronicoms. They rescue Piper and Davis, but their soon surrounded in a Chronicom. Simmons tells Daisy to stand down, and agrees to stay as the Chronicoms' prisoner.