Sarge and his team plan their next move after robbing a convenience store in Ohio. Pax is still trying to get over losing Tinker, but Sarge is ready to replace him. Snowflake discovers they're out of P.E.G.s because Tinker kept them in his pockets as a good luck charm. Pax butts heads with Sarge when he doesn't want to stay and dig for more, but Jaco finds an ad for a jewelry store where he thinks they can find some. S.H.I.E.L.D., meanwhile, figures out their own plan now that Sarge's team has killed Agent Fox. Once Mack adjourns the meeting, May asks why he didn't mention the Coulson look-a-like but the Director insists they not mention it until they know more. Dr. Benson thinks the devices he's found on Tinker's corpse, such as the lens on his neck, might be connected to old S.H.I.E.L.D. tech. May asserts that she was with Coulson until he died, but Dr. Benson discovers Sarge is Coulson's perfect genetic match from evidence left behind at the convenience store.

May, Yo-Yo, and Agent Keller are investigating a report that Sarge's team was spotted at a shipping yard not far from the convenience store when they get the call that Sarge's team is robbing a nearby jewelry store. Sarge, Pax and Snow kill the store's security guards and have a saleswoman bring them to the vault. Pax uses a device to seal the vault door shut behind them, and then sets up another device to open a portal to the truck, where Jaco is waiting for them. As the S.H.I.E.L.D. team starts to cut through the vault door, May realizes Sarge's team must have another way into the vault because they can tell there are five people in there instead of only four. May goes back to the shipping yard and finds Sarge's truck camouflaged. Sarge, frustrated that the vault doesn't seem to have what he wants, demands his hostage show him where he can find P.E.G.s - special crystals that power his gadgets. The saleswoman shows him the less-valuable quartzes and topazes, which Sarge and his team take for themselves. As they bring these jewels onto the truck, May barges in and ambushes Pax. Jaco takes her on next, but she eventually takes him down, too. Sarge is ready to fire some device into the air when he notices his hostage running to safety. May briefly gets distracted upon seeing Sarge, calling him Coulson again, so Snow sneaks up behind her and uses the portal to trap her back inside the vault. By then, Yo-Yo and Keller managed to breach into the vault and ask how May got him; she only says she lost. As the truck drives away, Jaco asks Sarge why he hesitated when he heard the word "Coulson." At the Lighthouse, Dr. Benson finds footage of a deteriorating world on Tinker's lens, leading him to believe these people destroy every world they go to.